This program is organized into four courses;
foundations, object-oriented programming, memory management and concurrency.
In the foundations course,
you'll learn about C plus plus syntax and how to compile and run C plus plus programs.
You'll also learn about the input and output features of the language,
as well as how to declare and initialize variables,
structure your code using conditionals and loops,
and organize your code using functions.
In the object oriented-programming course,
you'll learn how to further organize your code into classes,
and you'll learn how to expose interfaces to those classes to other users.
You'll also learn how to declare certain interfaces to be
public and certain to be private using access modifiers.
You'll cover the core concepts of
object-oriented programming generally including encapsulation,
abstraction, inheritance and polymorphism,
and you'll learn how to implement
those features using the C plus plus programming language.
You'll close this course by learning about generic programming and how to
use C plus plus templates to make your code more generic.
In the next course,
you'll learn about memory management.
Memory is incredibly important to the C plus plus programming language.
You'll learn how to pass around both references and pointers,
and you'll learn about the differences between memory on
the stack and memory allocated from the heap.
You'll also learn how to take advantage of scope and use the resource acquisition
is initialization paradigm in order to keep track of memory that's used by your program.
You'll close this course by learning about smart pointers,
which are the best way to keep track of pointers and
dynamically allocated memory in modern C plus plus.
The final course is concurrency.
In this course, you'll learn how to organize your code using both processes and threads,
and you'll learn how to synchronize and communicate between threads.
In particular, you'll learn about features of the C plus plus programming language that
support concurrent multi-threaded programming including promises and futures,
and mutexes, and locks.
By the time you're done with all four of these courses,
you will be a terrific C plus plus developer.